README.md, before:


# About Lunar-API

This repository is provided as a reference to learn how to use [Lunar](https://lunarphp.io) Laravel E-Commerce API by providing a simple **STARTER KIT** using normal PHP/Laravel code.

## What is this repository?

This repo is to just have a small base to start your E-Commerce with [Lunar](https://lunarphp.io).

### Current version of Lunar
- 0.3

## RoadMap

- **Products**
- [ ] List Products
- [ ] Product Details
- [ ] List Product Variants
- [ ] List Products associated with given product


- **Brands**
- [ ] List Brands
- [ ] List Products for a specific Brand


- **Collections**
- [ ] List Collections
- [ ] List Products for a specific Collection


- **Filters**
- [ ] List the possible Filters
- [ ] List of Tags


- **Orders** _(probably for the authenticated/owner user?)_
- [ ] List Orders
- [ ] List order detail


- **Cart/Checkout**
- [ ] List Cart
- [ ] validate checkout
  - [ ] Validate Discounts
  - [ ] Validate Shipping
  - [ ] Validate Prices
  - [ ] Validate Payments


- **Others**
- [ ] List of Languages
- [ ] Set Language
 

- [ ] List of Currencies
- [ ] Set Currencies


- [ ] List of Groups
- [ ] List of Channels

## Files

In this repo, there are files associated to the released versions like configs or views. Those can be deleted or changed in each project.

## Contributing

Anyone is able to contribute to this wrapper! And thank you for the ones that do!

## License

The Lunar-API is open-sourced software licensed under the [GPL-3.0 license](https://opensource.org/license/gpl-3-0/).

Commit message:

Update Cart and Checkout routes and controllers

README.md, after:


# About Lunar-API

This repository is provided as a reference to learn how to use [Lunar](https://lunarphp.io) Laravel E-Commerce API by providing a simple **STARTER KIT** using normal PHP/Laravel code.

## What is this repository?

This repo is to just have a small base to start your E-Commerce with [Lunar](https://lunarphp.io).

### Current version of Lunar
- 0.3

## RoadMap

- **Products**
- [ ] List Products
- [ ] Product Details
- [ ] List Product Variants
- [ ] List Products associated with given product


- **Brands**
- [ ] List Brands
- [ ] List Products for a specific Brand


- **Collections**
- [ ] List Collections
- [ ] List Products for a specific Collection


- **Filters**
- [ ] List the possible Filters
- [ ] List of Tags


- **Orders** _(probably for the authenticated/owner user?)_
- [ ] List Orders
- [ ] List order detail


- **Cart**
- [ ] List Cart
- [ ] add to Cart
- [ ] remove from Cart
- [ ] update quantity in Cart


- **Checkout**
- [ ] validate checkout
- [ ] Validate Discounts
- [ ] Validate Shipping
- [ ] Validate Prices
- [ ] Validate Payments


- **Others**
- [ ] List of Languages
- [ ] Set Language
 

- [ ] List of Currencies
- [ ] Set Currencies


- [ ] List of Groups
- [ ] List of Channels

## Files

In this repo, there are files associated to the released versions like configs or views. Those can be deleted or changed in each project.

## Contributing

Anyone is able to contribute to this wrapper! And thank you for the ones that do!

## License

The Lunar-API is open-sourced software licensed under the [GPL-3.0 license](https://opensource.org/license/gpl-3-0/).
